txnbuild: Adds a helper function to determine asset type from string. (#3105)
stellar/go: txnbuild/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this
file.  This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Unreleased

> * Expose a new helper function `ParseAssetString()`, making it easier to build an `Asset` structure from a string in [canonical form](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0011.md#asset) and check its various properties ([#3105](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3105)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add helper function `ParseAssetString()`, making it easier to build an `Asset` structure from a string in [canonical form](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0011.md#asset) and check its various properties ([#3105](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3105)).
```
